the purification and arranged with logic that is realized is activated to eliminate
of gaseous liquid bodies, foreign substances whose pollutants
a process consisting of a series of planned actions of character takes place
physical and biological mechanics
water purification occupies a very broad spectrum of treatment
urban sewage treatment of industrial waste
a real alternative to traditional sewage treatment plants are the
phytodepuration plants
phyto-purification is a natural purification system for waste water
civilians in the presence of soils and plants
the purification system incorporates legislative decree number 152 of 11
May 1999 and then in the decree law 152 of April 3, 2006 standard on the matter
environmental with reference to small and very small communities
size of treatment plant discharge with lower potential
or equal 2000 of songs must be subjected to an appropriate treatment
guarantees the compliance of the receiving water bodies
rt quality tv tubes i have groundwater protection in the case of
then the intent of this day's unloading into the ground
this excursion
and to make known the operating realities of purification
it is in a sustainable environment in a natural context in the biological field
realities that are actually actually realized in practice
where it is that it has no purpose to a result
this is what we will see today what the overview that will be done today
has as its purpose this purpose of spreading
and also to break a spear
inner in function of these ipdb of these of this practice of these of
this modality perhaps also little known or sometimes limited by
beliefs
which are not always correct
or from past experiences that have had no outcome as to say
for which his notes lyreco times this also happens this does not mean
that should not work here here is a reality here they are
eora we are ready to do our tour
we are ticino the system that I am seeing undersized realized for
800 equivalent inhabitants
therefore the municipality has but to me it has correctly proceeded all the discharges
in the off area
and a new herry sewage pipeline has arrived in this area here where we have it
the first phase of sedimentation, minimum rental of the grill and two
imhoff tanks for the first sedimentation I read this point which
grilled sedimented state passes inside the first two beds of
horizontal flow phytodepuration extremely simple operation
bed and 70 cm high there is a first area with very coarse gravel in
a tube just five centimeters below the winrar distribution surface
flor limewire distributed by this cracked tube in fruit or flows
horizontally along the entire plant always below the surface of the gravel
so you don't have to see anything at free range and now collected at the bottom by one
piping placed on the bottom
the pesado flow divided into two parts a part on the first bed a part on the
second bed at the end outgoing
I can go and see a tank of accumulation and relaunching phyto-purification
vertical flow
the planting was done with supplied be australis then it cancels marsh
and the plant that came into operation at the end of 2007 therefore in fact a year on
operation
eh eh you already see that in a year of operation gnv plant 4 plants
square meter you can already see who does not have the facility under almost
completely closed calafat mix
b see to the phyto-purification plant of our dairy
the problems are essentially drrr large volumes of water
and a relatively light polluter charge and then hahaha is clear
organic substance deriving from live washing of the plants in the dairy
of terracotta webcam tanks evidence of both a place and so much of
being able to speak have an abbot perhaps of your discharges taking into account
these two elements therefore run pope water quantity
all in all here
small business polluting load
we looked for a different solution than those for purifiers
activated sludge on the ground that experts here say they give you
problems d
proper operation for the fight against the club
purse charge of ddt reticular substance
chemist technical director of the ideas he designed
now this phytodepuration plant of dicomano ancient king
is a municipality of about 3500 equivalent inhabitants
download goes up to
brava 1999 directly in the version with the evening sing
then download it without any treatment other than treatments
primary hp is from every home
and after that the peeling arrived. at a point with pool and unloaded
directly into the river
mosaic wakes up some as serious as the day ahead of milk
that we transform so that today we transform 150 quintals of milk
per day
expekt iam 816 how many tons
ahahah of water